hey I'm going to be showing you how to
my gel gamertag on by the Wi-Fi to click
x bar I've got an Xbox memory card other
people have their drive ones because
they're they spend a bit more money on
it and have a lot of money anyways um
you click on the Opera file just takes a
while to find yours if you've got loads
and hard drive I open it up into my own
jack by now this month we've done it
before room and go dutch barred that one
you drag your profile up that coffees on
that and then then most people have like
easy GT down on the dashboard but I
downloaded this xbox 360 modern free
free um basically everything's are
created by GA cube dirty anyway um go to
go to a profile then a cgt to point to
start so open yes
and then those your profile so click
that and let put whatever you want well
within that many spaces so below
bongs in there go to add and green
starving then start finger and then he
sits us down here for slave do any way
you want really there to desktop so you
here to find and yes you don't need that
though so it's here so this is like a
fake account now so all right needs
doing this we have done it with Modio
are whatever yo rehash designer it takes
a while
okay so this is Maria double-click if
i'll go through it until you find your
new profile this isn't your job profile
but it's a fake one that can't get on
live yet but i'll show you how to do the
waiter and so rehash resign second no
need to do is open ex parte again close
up down if we really want off their
growth at all right now you do this then
you fretting that yeah so that's about
it on the computer I'm gonna go on to my
xbox and show you what it looks like now
on the line all right or on their xbox
modern Wi-Fi too many and click
multiplayer then yeah and I sign out to
your account if you signed in
and you should have on your profiles
you're our new modded gamer account so
signing up takes while because then i
bring my air connection so i can use my
laptop as a wireless adapter thing so
that's why it's taking so long in a
minute it's going to ask you for a pic
and avatar and then just push menu for
that and then press left foot slide
notice says that you can't play xbox
live because it's not like a car so you
click it a they ask you to choose
another profile to sign into so choose
yours and you should have it that so
that's your modded gamertag I'm thanks
for watching and this is my first or so
leave me a comment see how I did tell me
what I could've done better and i'll try
and do it in the next one right